{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf2869
\cocoatextscaling0\cocoaplatform0{\fonttbl\f0\fswiss\fcharset0 Helvetica;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;}
{\*\expandedcolortbl;;}
\margl1440\margr1440\vieww11520\viewh8400\viewkind0
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0

\f0\fs24 \cf0 Meeting Title: Sales Report Connect\
Date: May 18\
Meeting participants: Kirk Harbaugh, Billy Welsh, Conor McCarvel, Chris Montgomery, Dan Newhart, Sean Rooney\
\
Transcript:\
 \
Them: What's going on? Hey, hey, what's going on?  \
Me: What's up, guys?  \
Them: Put my camera on here. I got a face for radio, so I'm keeping my camera. Off. Nice Wayne's world. My email this morning. I pretty much get you what you need for the most part.  \
Me: I didn't have a chance to dive deep into it, but I saw we at least have. Some Target updates, and then we can highlight some top performers.  \
Them: Perfect.  \
Me: So I'll get that over to Mike.  \
Them: Yeah, I think we got everybody on our side. And you had met Sean, I think, when you were here.  \
Me: Yeah.  \
Them: Sean's first couple weeks.  \
Me: All right, now, see, Conor, thank you for recording this. That's going to be the key piece of it all.  \
Them: Sorry, it started.  \
Me: But I I got my hands on one of the. I was talking meeting with chip on Friday, so he sent me. What he had around life member donations, and I started to see some of the unique numbers because I think it was the raw file. So I saw some of the unique numbers and scenarios where someone's tacked on or people are splitting. So I got a good, at least primer. For what I think you guys are going to end up showing me. But based on my research, I really, in talking to Dan on Friday, I think we can automate a lot of this. It's going to take some work in the beginning of course and some back and forth. Because I want to make sure that whatever we land on after this meeting, I'll map it out and kind of get like a scope set and then just make sure that we don't get any surprises. Or mishaps or roadblocks along the way. So hopefully this meaning gets everything documented. I'll take that document, get it in kind of an easy to read format, and then we can call all kind of give the thumbs up. And then from there, I can go start building everything out. Does that sound good?  \
Them: Yeah. What? So what, what application or what software are you using to, to do dirty work?  \
Me: It'll be a combination of a few different ones. Mainly for. Getting the data from, I think, unify is it, right? Is it unifier unifies?  \
Them: Yeah, we'll get the unified. We'll get that data for you. Right. We'll get the raw data file and the ticket side. So it'll be all ticket revenue.  \
Me: Once we have that file, some sort of script or web hook will ingest it? Run kind of the. Automated version of what you guys do whenever you generate reports. And then it'll put it into a database for on a website called supabase. And that database will kind of manage, like, some of the users that will have as well. Right. Like, obviously we want to give you guys access. We'll figure out what kind of the roles are because, you know, if Dan or Billy logs in, you don't want to see, like, one person's data. You want more of, like, an admin view, like mic or I would have. So we can kind of see everything. So super base will hold that. And then hosting will probably be done by a website called versel. So it'll, it'll take kind of that table, surface it in an easy to read manner through just normal website code, and then, but it'll all be hosted, I think, by this company Vercel. So the engine of it all was really just there's a frequency. We get that file from unify, and it sounds like it can be downloaded or exported on, like, a set frequency. I think daily is probably ideal. We don't have to go daily, but I can make sure that. Yellow jackets understand the data was last refreshed on this date, depending where it is, so there's no confusion, but we'll have that go to kind of a shared folder or somewhere that we have access to. And then my programming from my side will grab it. Surface the most recent data from, you know, grab it, format it, put it into supabase, and then super baseball, provide the most recent or up to date. Data to the yellow jacket that logs in.  \
Them: In Kirk, you're using cloud on the back end. Right.  \
Me: Claude's going to do all the coding. So that's why we're recording this meeting while it's going to be really helpful for you guys to share your screens. I'm going to take that. I'm going to put it into a video AI that's going to download a whole transcript and screenshots and everything, and then I give that to claude. Claude and I kind of go back and forth and make sure eyes are dotted, T's are crossed. And it did, then it develops the engine, takes your input file and formats it to a good export.  \
Them: And then question on the unified or what was it called unifier?  \
Me: And then.  \
Them: Okay, that doesn't give any financial information from the ticket holders, like credit card information, things like that. Okay, perfect. Yeah, we're good. That's the IT guy coming in from a security standpoint because I know we know what we're doing because we use clot all in our business and we're using for clients, too. I just want to make sure that. We're, we're protecting. We're not putting anything out there that doesn't need to be. Speaking of security, you got three foxes staring you down, man. Behind you. Those are my dire foxes.  \
Me: We feel secure with Mike showing up with a pack of wolves behind them.  \
Them: That's right. Yeah. I love it. I love it.  \
Me: And there'll be some other tools I use, like if you want, I can kind of show you at the end the UI ux I'm looking at, it's. I'm hoping this can evolve into not just the fundraising dashboard, but, hey, Chris, Conor, you have updates about a meeting. If yellow jackets. Save this, we've done it in the past. Save a shortcut to this new site to their phone. It can then opt into push updates, at least from what I understand. So we could have, like, yellow jacket meeting or volume unity from Lindsay and neighbor come out, right? We can kind of use this as not just fundraising, but I'm looking at it as an easier way to communicate any updates that you all have or others have directly to yellow jackets in a more efficient manner. Doesn't have to be that, but we'll at least.  \
Them: Well, it needs it. It's a problem we haven't been able to solve for in a long time because most of the time you get an email from Chris and it's like you're in the middle of your day, you got 100 bullets flying at you and you're like, wait, what is this? You know? So it's just, it's a lot. It's a challenge that, like, human nature, we need to overcome. Good, good ideas, man.  \
Me: Get a stope out again to everybody. But. At the very least, it's going to automate the sales report generating that you guys have had to do in the past. And if we can remove even more of it, I know Conor has to take points from a jot form. There's no reason if someone has a jot form that that can't just go directly into supabase. And we have the points tally inside this software that we're going to build. So as much do that, but still maintain security and data quality. That's kind of the end goal there, or at least the primary goal. And then we have a lot of these, as I started building it out, I saw opportunities to help, you know, Josh wine with engagement, the community engagement aspect. Chris and Conor needing to communicate timely or urgent updates. All of that kind of started to blend in nicely with it. So at the very least, we'll make sure that we're getting most of the work off your guys plate.  \
Them: Awesome. I appreciate you. I mean, it's above and beyond, way above and beyond, you know, and your expertise and everything is just not where we're at right now internally. So pump to, to have you on board interested and to take the lead on something like this. You might be stealing a project from me because I actually intimated this to Chris in the text message. Chris, if you did not respond to me, I'm calling you out. I'm giving you a hard time. But that I'm saying, hey, because we're doing a lot of this for our clients. Like, we've done it in our own business using this, like pulling in data just to see where choke points are, where we can be more efficient, you know, even with our ticketing system, all the different stuff. So that's really what the AI is there to do, is to figure out, okay, where the roadblocks that you guys are having issues with, how do we automate some of these things that create manual tasks that are hours and hours of time that we can get back to you guys to go be efficient in other areas or focus on other things. And at the same time solving a fundamental problem for the yjs that create hours and hours of time for us from reading. Reports, like unless you're a guy like me that sits there and looks at them all the time, right, and like figures out where there's issues and who's not doing well and what's missing. It's, it's painful. It's painful.  \
Me: Yeah. This will be designed for.  \
Them: So.  \
Me: Some of our less tech savvy yellow jacket friends. So that they could use it with their eyes closed is the,  \
Them: Yeah, speed of execution. Get a quick update. I can go in there. I know exactly where I'm at. Cool. Here we go. Sales team. We know exactly where you're at. There's so many ping pongs going back and forth. Right. So hopefully that's what we're trying to help eliminate.  \
Me: Well, in. Just around the fundraising side, we've got probably the biggest. Increase in a goal that we've ever had. And we have to think differently. This isn't the only way that we're going to get there by developing this platform, but it will be kind of the foundation because it communicates and makes everything plug and play, which is our themes. But right now it's going to be things in there. Like, we're going to monitor their activity. How many shares do they have? How many times have they logged in and copied the link so that they can text somebody? We're going to give text message templates. I'm looking at an AI piece where you log in and you say, well, I want to talk to a potential sponsor. Click. I want to talk about the kickoff event click, and then it's going to craft a text message template that you could potentially send. Pulling from the resources that Dan's already put in the portal. So we're going to monitor all of that because we got to be able to figure out early who's starting to not pull their weight, right? Who's, who's got some more gas in the tank? And it's not say we're going to slap them on the wrist, but just kind of, you know, reach out and see what's going on because we need, especially some of those people who are consistently every year getting in good standing the last one, two weeks. Dan, you said it's a surprisingly and concerning amount of yjs. Well, we can see that now because we'll be able to see activity, not just results. So we can see what's missing to drive. The results in the end.  \
Them: Is that cool? You know, once this thing gets polished. Have another column. Like revenue to go for your, for good standing, your y goal, you know, those type of things. So, you know, we start doing historically, we do reports, let's say a month or two out of the good standing deadline. To pull that list of, all right, you know, what yjs are nowhere near their rape o goal, right? Or whatever it is. And then we do a call campaign on it, reach out to that yj, whatever. We'll still going to do that, of course. But if we get more to a place of a live leaderboard, people can see that right off the bat.  \
Me: Well, we're talking a lot about it, and I don't want to use too much time on it, but let me just show you. I've got, again, this is.  \
Them: All those things are too damn. Like, I was just thinking about the additional resource I created for the engagement community to look at the reports and see who's least engaged. Right. Like, that takes time.  \
Me: Can you guys see my screen?  \
Them: It's inefficient. Yeah. Yep.  \
Me: All right. I like the idea. Mike had yellow jacket nest, AKA YJ portal 2.0. We're going to go strictly off phone numbers because it seems like everybody that's consistent. I know email kind of gets a little all over the place. But they'd log in like this. And again, this.  \
Them: Two factor. Nice.  \
Me: Boom Chris announcement. Hey, this is where we're at, or this is the next meeting. Okay, got it. Next recap, you know, football push starts today. One thing I want to work with marketing on is I think we need, like, kind of weekly assets that we can share. So we have a fundraising sched or social or share schedule. With different assets speaking to different things. Like you're going to talk to somebody who. Wants to pitch a sponsorship piece might than someone who's just going to buy a ticket for the kickoff event. Right. RSVP here for the next committee meeting on June 20th, right at the hotel. Again, this is all kind of just placeholders. But the idea is they get in there. They see exactly where they're at with good standing. You've got one of four goals met. You can see the gaps. You view your donor so you can see, hey, I got rape, I got wishes for teachers. Here's my total points. So you can see all of these things and be able to filter and see what may or may not be missing. Front, center, and most important piece is the ticket links. Obviously, these aren't real, but you can copy, you can share via SMS and it will pull up your text message and allow you to share. Something that only they will be able to see other than admins is they're kind of standing. So we have total fundraising. Your rank for this month is 24. You know, not everyone wants to be at the top, but most people don't want to be at the bottom. So we're hoping things like this can kind of encourage and game.  \
Them: Can you, Kirk, can you add one field in there, too, to say how close am I to hitting festivus incentives or tiers?  \
Me: Well, that's what we have here, right? So while we haven't lined out the tiers, we're going to have it right here. So 808 550 to go were gamifying it.  \
Them: Tier one. Two. Okay. Perfect. My bad.  \
Me: And then we're gonna have the four categories of what the incentives will be. And so they'll know exactly where they are and what they need to do to get to the next one. We have front and center, our goal. So, like, this is last, this is real, not the number. But we have 95 days until the kickoff. Fast start. So we're on pace for goal. We have annual goal. We have the stretch, all of that. And then we got kind of getting some more activity based things, what they're a part of. You know, par three committee, Etc. So we can house almost all those spreadsheets and things that float around in this super base, which is kind of like excel on steroids. So that we can see all these things, what they may have coming up. I want notifications like, hey, we're two weeks out from kickoff event. Dan says that a table has opened up. We have room for a table. Boom. It gets texted out to everybody from something like this. So this is kind of the, you know, what they would log in and see. We have team dashboards, which would highlight, you know, where the team is in good standing, the shares, the total dollars raised. That'll all tie into kind of our strategy this year for. Having, you know, goals around how many of your yellow jackets are in good standing on your team. What's your dollars raised compared to dollars raised last year? All that kind of stuff. Now, events, this is where I think it could help with the yj portal today. So we have, let's say we go to part three. It can have all the details of part three here, what your role is, who the head person is. Of course, we can store the documents. We can share directly to Instagram story or Facebook story. All of this. And that's why I'm thinking when we have these things called nudges where we can go, hey, your, your goal this week, and we'd have all the other events, right? Download those things. But then we have, sorry, the toolkit where, hey, hot resources. This is what everyone's doing this week, you know, share this part three. Or, you know, this template around the, the, the kickoff event. All of this is, again, meant to be turnkey. You can select the channel, select what it's going to be about, and then share it directly to whatever source they're, they're trying to work with, which I have Facebook, Instagram and LinkedIn seem to be the main three. So that's kind of the meat and potatoes. I threw this in there for engagement, for volunteering. I'm thinking, Josh, I'm thinking neighbor, and I'm thinking kind of Chris and Conor here, the important meetings, but just a place where we can kind of house all that, because so many emails, so many spreadsheets start floating around. I think this can really consolidate everything, not just fundraising. But the main, you know, kind of goal of this would be drive that activity. Drive that plug in place so that they know exactly where they are while reducing your guys efforts as much as we can.  \
Them: Can you click on the total points right there? What happens when you click on that?  \
Me: This one.  \
Them: Yeah.  \
Me: It'll go over here.  \
Them: And then if you go to, like, oh, sorry, I scroll up a little bit. The total points is that, like, your participation points. Is that what that one is? Okay.  \
Me: Yeah.  \
Them: And then if you click on it, do you see, like, everything that you've the events?  \
Me: See, these would be. I mean, the, the idea is there might be some Kinks in this, but the idea would be you, you would see, oh, volunteered or April committee meeting. And you see 500 points there, right? Yellow jet. Here we go. Yellow jacket networking event. 25 points pending confirmation.  \
Them: Okay. Gotcha. Oh, and that's under one account.  \
Me: This. Yeah, this would be under me, Kirk. Right. So I would just see mine. But for, for you guys, you know, we can have different roles. But the idea would be, you know, we have some admins, sales captains, kind of, those are kind of the main three.  \
Them: Okay. Yeah. All right.  \
Me: And then I'd imagine some of the board members might want to get in this. I didn't really broach that in, in the development here, but this is main. Ly.  \
Them: Ramy told me, he goes, we leave the day today to you. He just approved.  \
Me: Okay. So it'll probably be primarily standard yellow jacket captain and then maybe one or two admin type roles.  \
Them: Yeah. We don't want them to get in the weeds.  \
Me: But I'm a visual learner, so I had to kind of get this out of my head in somewhere. And that's when I started realizing how much this isn't just fundraising, but could cross pollinate into other, other silos.  \
Them: Kirk, I think it's fantastic because, I mean, part of, you know, whatever responsibility is chairs and continue to motivate. I have a slide. On talking about creating new habits, doing different things. And this goes into that overall vision of how do we teach it? How do we make it downhill for these guys? It's so simple. And if we're tracking activities and we're seeing things in, like, the captains can coach those activities instead of just making calls going, what's up, dude? Are you in, you know, I mean, that's basically what we're doing.  \
Me: Yeah. How we doing? Yeah. All teams, all volunteers. I don't know. I think it's on this front page here. But we're, I instructed it to use gamification. I don't know where it is, but there, there should be like, you know, trying to get streaks going. How many Street, how many weeks in a row have you shared something from the platform? You're only away from rate bowl good standing. 14 yellow social proof. It's using all kind of things you would see in, you know, professional apps, but we're trying to kind of play with the psychology in a good way.  \
Them: So funny.  \
Me: Of the yellow jackets to get them to take the next inch or next step.  \
Them: To create good habits and fundraising. Right. And that's, that's, that's exactly what I'm going to talk about in one slide that I have.  \
Me: Yes.  \
Them: Like, what habits can you create? And I can highlight that we're going to make it easier for you. We're going to track it. Right. So, okay. Awesome.  \
Me: But that data.  \
Them: Man. And.  \
Me: From you guys will, will surface into those, you know, it'll just be taking from. Polishing up what you guys have, putting it in easy to read format for the tech and then surfacing it in an easy to understand and digest format for whoever's on the other end of what we, I think we'll move forward with yj nest.  \
Them: So, so Kirk, really quick. So really, a lot of this depends on good data.  \
Me: Yes.  \
Them: Right. So they get data hygiene has to be like on your, on your guys side, right? Making sure they showed up at stuff. They volunteered for the right thing. You know, those type of things because you're, you're essentially pulling from those reports. So if they needed to make a change, they can go back the original spreadsheet that they sent you, whatever your apex, your apis are tied to that they can change. That. And then that, of course, correct it. Okay. I just want to make sure that we've got, that was one of my questions. Since. The admins are the only ones that can manipulate the data. Right.  \
Me: Terday is that we don't manipulate the data directly in yj nest. We pull it from Conor spreadsheet or a download from salesforce or unify. And then that data goes into the central hub.  \
Them: Okay.  \
Me: And so we, we do want to make sure that, you know, you guys have editing ability and we can push. Updates around errors.  \
Them: So, yeah, just for the example of, let's say we went through a week and we had multiple events that week. And for whatever reason, I'm sure it's our fault that they didn't check in or scan their phone. And so because it's our fault, we're going to want to make sure that we fix it as opposed to having anyone miss out on, you know, human nature is always going to be the biggest part, Chris. You nailed your, you're thinking, like, how do you course correct? But it's really about your, what your inputting into what we're, what he's pulling from, not what. Yeah.  \
Me: Yeah.  \
Them: But I'm pretty confident about the data we'll put in.  \
Me: Yeah.  \
Them: I'm just, I want to make sure that, you know, if someone's like, well, I was actually there. They can't go in and be like, oh, no, here, you know, and they're going.  \
Me: And of course they'll be able to reach out to you, but we want to have like, hey, is. Do you have points missing? Click here. And then it's some kind of temp thing that note that emails you. So you have like a standardized request that it's not kind of these scattered emails because I know inbox is just, they get so filled that important things get drowned out sometimes.  \
Them: So the. Yeah. Note or something. I like it. And what's good about that is at the end of the, at the end of the season or whatever we want to call it, the, we can look back and say, you know, this particular person, we're just not reaching them. Right. We got to do a better job than we can get with them and find out what about what's a better means of communication with them. To make sure that we don't, you know, they don't have to keep hitting that request button so we can try to cut that off. Okay.  \
Me: And we can.  \
Them: I like. But, I mean, if he, he nailed it on the social media post, though, like, if you can get him doing the post through there and it links in, that just takes away so much complexity for people. They'll be like, oh, I got to go do this, this, this and this. Right? Like.  \
Me: Track. It. Yeah, the links right there again. Plug and play. And for us as, as on the leadership side, trying to just. Alert ourselves to potential issues before they come up. Like if we're in August and someone is bottom 10 in fundraising, but also bottom 10 in activity. We have an engagement issue, probably not a messaging or a strategy issue. If they've got 100 shares and 20 bucks for a parking pass, we probably got a messaging issue and we, and we have the effort there, but we just don't have the, you know, heading in the right direction. So it'll just illuminate things to us, hopefully sooner rather than later from the individual YJ perspective.  \
Them: Is there a cost for all these systems to be communicating one another?  \
Me: My estimates are somewhere between 30 and 50 bucks a month.  \
Them: Okay.  \
Me: Yeah. Which, you know, I would just maybe we do it in kind donation for me and I'll just put it on my side. Kind of up there.  \
Them: Now we can do Chris is really long term, right? Because he, he's, I mean, this is where K, this is where it's at right now. Like, we're talking about building. He basically built a CRM internally. Right. And. The question for me would be, you know, who, as we go manage, can manage this or we can teach to manage, or we can show because it's not. It's not, it's, I mean, he's doing a great job on his further ed. He's done a lot of research, but it can be learned and it can be done. Right. So can it be managed by someone internally, or is that, you know, externally, how does that work? You know, back and forth with Dan on that. Like, I think once we go through the process for a couple of weeks here. We can figure out how that can, can be peeled off. Because if we're talking about Conor's time right now, right, we're taking away half of a day. And this is something we can do, you know, an hourly basis between him and I, you know, weekly. Or daily, if for that matter for me. That's way easier to manage. So any of this stuff, right? Like, is to give you more efficient or spend it on other areas where we need it, you know, instead of.  \
Me: Yeah.  \
Them: Messing with all this other stuff.  \
Me: Yeah. And.  \
Them: Right. I mean, we still need a lot of help, Chris. I mean, you know, you guys were running around. There's two of you guys. Like, I see it, right? That's why we took the PowerPoint off. But all that data is create more time, more cost, more expense for me. But it was just, hey, I was passionate. I want to get it done. But it, it's costing my business money that I'm not recouping. So eventually, if those things can be back with you guys. That's better. I just have the luxury to do it. But, yeah, I don't want to.  \
Me: The third year is we've got everyone together. We get everything defined. Kind of get that. Like I said, that scope of work. I present to you some kind of like, hey, this is what we're going to think and I'm going to move forward with and I hope to get you to that by before we're lucky before the committee meeting this week. But we take that. And then, you know, I do my thing over the next week or two, and then we kind of get a beta group. To test it out. So I'm thinking, like, all of us and then probably my commissioners, maybe a few others if we need to test specific roles. But I'd like to get this in everyone's hands and launched in June.  \
Them: Okay.  \
Me: Because summertime is where our progress will die if we don't have something like this. And then from there, we can kind of work out Kinks and everything like that.  \
Them: I wonder if we could do town halls or whatever at that point, like, where we just throw out some, some summertime town halls that are on zoom and we launched the portal. And then we started doing some video things, like over zoom and whether it's a weekly thing. Kirk not to put more on your plate or on there, but we figure it out.  \
Me: Yeah. Again, we're going to have, I tested this out with my Airbnb and it works really well. You're going to have like a chat GPT style conversation piece. Inside the platform. When is, you know, it's going to be right in front of them. But one's par three and it'll go up par threes on this date. Or how do points work? Rile points work like this, this and this. You have to be in good standing by this date, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah. So as long as we have all that documented, we can have people interact with it in a chat style format as long as we have good data to pull from on the knowledge base side.  \
Them: And we'll, and what we can work into, I mean, typically we, we do it right after the summer. So probably July, maybe early August, those first student ticket huddles. And then we do them to bi-weekly every three weeks, which I remember what we did. Last year. Three weeks to once a month, basically, we'd have a zoom huddle, and then we'd do it more frequently as we get closer to the games and stuff. This could be a topic for that as well. So, Kirk, if you're good with it, I will let what we can talk about it. Thursday just to say, expect more to come when we have this ready. That we will be sending out some, you know, video. Groups, right? Video, video meetings to just review this and show you how to get logged in. By the way, when you pull. When more people enter into it, does that take more resources? Will the, will the cloud price go up on there? Or are you just basing off of what the APIs and the, the MCP servers are using?  \
Me: Based on the number of users, we have 100 and call it 120 if all in maybe somewhere around there. They said as long as like we're not, you know, doing messages and stuff because I'm going to use Twilio for the text messaging. As long as we're not like doing it every day, they're like either free or lowest tier should work. Because, you know, they're used to people with thousands, if not tens of thousands of users.  \
Them: Yeah.  \
Me: So I think.  \
Them: I mean, I don't know. I know what we're doing in our business because, Eric does it right, but I, I know we've, are, but we're doing a lot. We're doing a lot of crazy, too.  \
Me: Yeah. When I, when I ran the estimate through on 112 to 120 people, they estimated somewhere like that 30 to 60 dollars a month range. Yeah.  \
Them: You know, we have this conversation in two weeks ago. Like, I made sure the CRM I just signed up with that it was month to month because I'm like, we're literally going to build our own. This is going to destroy that industry. It's going to destroy.  \
Me: Yeah. Two years ago.  \
Them: It.  \
Me: AI was too much in its infancy. Now there's tools coming out every day. But I know already almost a half an hour in. So who kicks it off like initiates it? Dan, is that you?  \
Them: I'll, I'll pick up in a second. Billy is the architect of this. I want to give him kudos and credit of where we started, and then I'll, I maintain the reports after 10 gleason took off. So I'll go through and just show you what I pull.  \
Me: Okay.  \
Them: Give you an example of, like, a lot of the manual editing to clear, you know, to provide clean data. And then I also, I pulled it up my, my word doc of all the, all the different manual tweaks. That we have to make for people sharing. It's not as simple as like, hey, these two white just split this account. It's more in depth than that. It's, it's kind of crazy, so. But, yeah, I mean, Billy, you know, you, you, you put this together in visual architect. You want to kick it off.  \
Me: There we go.  \
Them: How you started? Yeah. I mean, I'm not going to show you the, like, particulars of how I pull it from unify, because that's kind of not necessary. But, yes, I pull all relevant data. And, I mean, I can pull fields that. You know, we don't have on there also if you guys are curious about seeing some other stuff. But, yeah, I, I have a report set up that just pulls basically all sales data tagged with any YJ account. And then I can also automate those so they would be in, you know, whoever's Dan's inbox, let's say. Every two weeks on that Monday morning. And so he has all data up to date right there, you know, ready for him. And so, you know, I think he and I talked about this briefly before, and I think, you know, we'd like to just get to a point where we are just automating that report to this function and this process, and no one has to actually do anything manually at all.  \
Me: That's the goal.  \
Them: So I'll, I'll share my screen. I want to show you guys what tagging an account means. A second here. Okay, see this delinquent screen here?  \
Me: Yeah.  \
Them: Okay. Just to show you, like, this is delani's account. Got 20 tickets to Fiesta bowl, a couple foursomes here. We got to give them to pay. He's in the red here. Give him some. These representatives over here. So Tony works with him on our side. And he's tagged on here with a yellow dot media yellow jacket. So this is where the data pulls from that I'm going to show you.  \
Me: Yes.  \
Them: And that's where, you know, in terms of cleanup, when we pull this data, Ryan Delaney's information, his account is going to have two people on it. So part of the manual cleanup is getting rid of Tony's name. So it just says delany as an example. Okay, so that's what that looks like. I should probably. Let me make sure this is still. Moving to reports here. So you see this report screen? All the coaches from last year, the team names. That showing up. Okay, so just as an example. How it was structured last year was each team had its own report. Okay, so we would go through and pull each team report, and I'll show you how we do that. We clean up the data. It spits out in the pretty pivot table. We're all used to seeing these y reports. And then for the overall y j sales to date with everybody, we combine all of these team reports into one. Okay. So I think.  \
Me: Did you just question on this? Do we have team report entries here because we had to send individual reports to teams or was there another reason behind that? So like.  \
Them: A lot of these, a lot of these are built just so internally we can, you know, view these accounts grouped together by the teams and, you know.  \
Me: Just easier to segment and digest the data on your guy's end.  \
Them: Exactly.  \
Me: And then of course Conor and Chris are going to have to send out team reports to the captains. So it kind of all aligns on here. Okay.  \
Them: Yeah. So what I, what I get done putting everything together, I say Conor and Chris, one email with every single team report, say there's 10 teams, 10 reports, 10 excel docs, plus the overall yj1. So there's 11 total excel sheets that go to them before Conor does his magic with participation points, sponsorship, that kind of stuff. So, you know, so, for example, I'll just, let me just pull a report real quick. And what this does, it pulls everything for the last calendar year. Right. This is last year stuff. Everything from what we have the national quarterback club in February through our games part three. All of it. All right. You see an excel sheet now? Did that change over?  \
Me: Yep.  \
Them: Okay, cool. So here's the report raw. All right.  \
Me: It's very similar to what chip sent me.  \
Them: Okay. So the item is the event.  \
Me: Okay.  \
Them: Right? The yellow jacket wrap, the dollar amounts and the actual account name. So it's tedious. But what this is why one of the reasons it takes a while, you know, we'll, we'll sort it by yellow jacket alphabetically. And literally just start cleaning it up. Like Sean. Worked.  \
Me: Wow.  \
Them: You know, here, here's the thing. Like, Tony and Mike, right? Mike, Tony handles your stuff, right? Your dog out sweet everything else. You know, we're getting rid of that. And literally cleaning it up. And all this is Lindsley. So this is just to be fair. Tim. Tim and I set up a, another report, basically, that cleans all of these. So Dan's doing this by hand. Tim and I had basically a just a formula in another Excel list that cleaned all of these up. So it would read all of that field and then spit it out exactly how Dan is putting it right now. Well, I'll show you because I don't know. I'll show you what I think I know what you're thinking about for Tim's thing where we still had to do this, though. This is a quick one. So let me just run through it real quick. Let's have just doing one team right now.  \
Me: This too.  \
Them: So.  \
Me: So let's say we have a mass export here and we're going to have to create like a master yj file and Conor filled me in. Those are the yjids. Right? Unique identifiers like Kyler's is 2062821.  \
Them: Yes. The numbers. Yeah. Account number. Yeah.  \
Me: Right account number. That's how my mine at work in Salesforce. So if we have that master table with yj through links, their account ID number, we should be able to just ingest this and be able to have the code just look in the row for that ID number without you guys having to do any of these edits.  \
Them: And here's what gets weird. I mean, this is tagged twice, right? It's Josh and also life member. So humor me. Let's just call it Josh for now. Okay. Because I'll show you because the report that Billy is referring to does have formulas in it to a point. Like this is chip and Melissa. So I have pulled up here. I just started running less. I mean, Tim gave me his list when he left and I kept adding to it. Just random stuff, right? Like, and I put the last year, I put the team name next to it. So when I'm pulling that team report, I knew what to look for. Like any SRP credit was split between Rooney and Logan, and they're on different teams. Dorsey Whitney, one account. Real confusing. Some got Fiesta ball credit, some got rate, some got Club 71. Some random stuff. So. But humor me here. Let's just make this easy because I'll show you the report that Billy, I think you're referring to. There's only a couple left. Good question, Dan. Or, or Kirk. I think that's another big thing. Can you actually tell them who they're ticketing rep is? In there too? Yeah, we could do that. That's a big one. Like I always, I'm like, wait, who am I calling this year? And it's Tony. I know now, but, like, the people always ask me.  \
Me: We could have. Who to who to contact in the platform. We can have that in search. We can have that. Kind of on the home screen.  \
Them: Even, even, even. Yeah. On your home screen of your dashboard, you're ticketing rep is like, you know.  \
Me: Exactly. Yep, we can do that.  \
Them: So. And what I'm going to do before I forget, we have a Google doc. Where is it here? I'm going to sense everybody has it right now. Again, this is a sign rep, but we're all here to help, right? If somebody's busy or something, we're all going to help people out. Right. But this Google docs has the entire yellow jacket committee and their rep associated with that yj.  \
Me: Perfect.  \
Them: Okay. All right, back to this. It's clean now, right? We're good. I'm OCD. I re sorted again alphabetically. So any questions at the top here? I'm going to show you this screen. This might be the report you're referring to referring to, Billy. So Tim has all a bunch of formulas in here. You see the top.  \
Me: Oh. Yeah.  \
Them: So this is take a last report. We delete all this information. Pull it from here. Goes exact fields. I'm a little rusty. It's been a few months since I've done this. So. Dump it in here. The formula automatically says what event it is. Fiesta ball grb, whatever. Here's a pivot table. We refresh it. There it is. So that is Billy. Is that the report you're referring to or the automatic stuff? He, he had another one. Yeah. Thanks for letting me know, dude. Just to clean up the sales rep stuff. Well, the majority of them are already accounted for. They already tagged. So. But that, that's what we do is. And again, did this for 11 teams. But then what takes a lot of, a lot of time or more teams, whatever is, it takes more time is. All the manual tweaks that I showed you guys. Because it's going back and forth because, like, a lot of these manual tweaks that people are splitting accounts, they're not on the same team. You know, so making sure, oh, it's right. Like World War III almost started because I think Jim kebert was somebody else and Jim keber all of a sudden didn't have his rate bowl goal hit. Well, this has been manual work. And manually we accidentally gave the fiesta the great bull tickets to the other guy when it should have been the fiesta bull tickets. You know, so it's, and, you know, Jim's awesome. You know, he understood. But doing this because of the complexity of what's going on, because there's, there's a, we, we create, where we have exceptions because we're trying to fundraise. Right, right. And we know that. I'm watching what you guys have done into this point. You've done a good job. I understand the complexity around it. Right.  \
Me: Yeah, I can see how this can get. There's a lot of room for just drop balls. I'm surprised it hasn't been more based on the, on what you've shown me because, you know, most.  \
Them: It's because I see that my sleep. That's why.  \
Me: Diamond just goes to sleep in his car.  \
Them: Yeah.  \
Me: No, this, this makes a lot of sense. What I'm thinking or what I need to think through is this report downloads. Do we need to send a prompt to Billy or to Dan to go, are there any new exceptions? Are there any new, you know. Rules that we need to follow or now it's not just Gabe, Brian mole someone else is thrown in the mix. Because we can have this again in Supabase or the programming so that it knows all of this. But we just need to make sure that none of the ones that may come after the initial date that we launch. Get lost.  \
Them: So two questions I have, right? Like, we, we encourage splitting because it's a way for people to divide and conquer and raise more. Right. So that's, that's never gonna, you know, unless you guys say it's camp. But, I mean, you know, is there a way, is that going to be a problem for you guys on how you push data to them, or is that just a field you have to split? I would make it the exception. I'd make it the exception, not the rule. I wouldn't actively promote that. Because it gets really, really sticky. I mean, there's even instance, I'm looking at this list here. Like, well, Dan, here's an example. I had this conversation with rulio last week. He can't get a par three spot once when I said, why don't you go do a whole sponsor? And then you get a par three and then sell your par three. Like, you don't get, you don't get the par three, but you know how we had that conversation about. Oh, that's still under his name. Yeah, he's still. Okay, that was my second thing. Like, I hold on to myself. Like, honestly, I don't know why we couldn't think about this, like the Thunderbirds. If we hold on to the good events and the y's bio, right? Like, there is a resale value to those. Right. It becomes like real estate, but I'm not saying we're there, but the I hold on to two of those, and then I want to resell them. But the process that I keep asking, it doesn't. It's like it's, it's weird, right? Like, and I'm trying to figure that. Like, if in that scenario, we would keep it on your name. So if you sold it to another YJ, that's probably not the spirit of it. Right. The y should be buying the R. No, it would be a client or someone else. Yeah. Like all the numbers you see are all your sales period. So everything under Mike Lindsley, as, as you know, you didn't buy all that stuff, right? You bought some of that stuff. But if you have a friend or a client or somebody else that you referred to buy tickets, you, your name's still tagged on there. You know, Rock's got $200,000 in ticket revenue. He probably knows 500, 5, 000 of that. You know, the rest of it's just random stuff. Is there like, yeah, I don't want to sidetrack it. I'll talk to you off the, I'm just thinking of, like, the little gotchas that we have on there. We might have.  \
Me: Well, that's, that's kind of what I'm asking because Chris, Conor, it sounds like. We've got some gotchas on your guys end. Someone didn't register at event. Someone was at a committee meeting and forgot. It seems like at least in the phase one of this, that there might kind of need to be some sort of like just. Perhaps digital. Hey, good to go on your guy's side. Or hey, or, hey, I need to make an edit, some sort of manual intervention that your teams can do to make sure that things get. Updated to the data source correctly if there was.  \
Them: And there's one way to get this information. I'm just thinking out loud. And this might encourage engagement in this new platform. We do the data as is, period. And then people will start raising their hands and rightfully so complain that, wait a minute. Where's my thing? That encourages me to look at it, but then tell us, and then we keep it on the list. You know, we're, we're not, we're, we're. The ones here that are going to go out and seek and ask every YJ. What are the anomalies you have? Or what do you exploit? No, they need to let us know.  \
Me: A great point.  \
Them: And then we've added to the list. Like my list I showed you, Tim probably had four or five of those bullets, and I probably had another 10 after that, you know, and then in the next four or five months, I was running the reports based on certain things. Like we had Suzanne Nelson, her boss. Bought tickets. Well. This stays in between us here, us friends. He bought on a secondary Market thinking it was through us. It was like 300 sale. I said, Suzanne. Okay, we'll, we'll, we'll add it for you. You didn't use your link. You bought elsewhere. And that's exception, not the rule. So we added 376 manually to suzanne's report every time we pulled the reports for that sale.  \
Me: Yeah.  \
Them: It might have been a rape bull. Yeah, it's stuff like that. But, but to your point, I mean, Kirk, you and I talked about this before is we, you know, those things as they come in can be hard coded. And or, you know, make up as if formulas or whatever to make sure that, that they're set. But I think, again, we're going to learn these exceptions. By then telling us. And because they're going to, because these people are going to be all over it because they're the ones who know, like, like that, like the Davis brothers. Right? You know, they split some stuff. Like, my dad's sale half goes to me, half goes to my brother. You know, those type of things. So I, I think we'll be all right, and they'll be vocal and let us know, which is good, and then we'll, we can tweak it from there. But, you know, to get this thing off and running, I think we just use the data as is. Encourage people to go in and play around. And that's how we'll learn.  \
Me: And I think since it's, some people aren't just Excel friendly or don't like Excel. I think this format with almost, it's Excel in a non Excel person's world. I think we might start getting more feedback. And again, I can have almost like a, we'll think of something where we can have them submit like a protest or a question or something like that.  \
Them: Well, I like, I'd like your piece where they can ask the question, and it goes right to us, and then we can research it on our end. I like that. And I think it's going to be important. Really, really important in the beginning until people get trained, right? And get comfortable. But they have to be responsible for checking. Yeah. Because, cuz the Dan's point is the last thing we wanted. And, you know, we're all trying to get this figured out before November. Right. And so if we can get people in the habits before November, then we don't have the December issue. We'll have something. I think you cut sales reports and it's just. Like my partner has it worse to me. But if a tech comes into an awesome his office and ask him, hey, how do I do this again? You know, it's like. Get out. Did you ask these three questions? Did you check the nest first, right? Did you go into here? Did you look at those things? And it's the same thing I do where it's like, look, I don't take technical stuff. I send it to the help desk, you know? And so I think it, it's along the same lines of us. And we're happy. I'll be. I'm happy.  \
Me: Well, here's the. Rule.  \
Them: To take bullets on that if I have to. But it's, to me, it's like, guys, this is a way to automate. This has been a problem for years. Right. And I think at a certain point, we just cut off sending a spreadsheet and we send the nest. Here's a blanket email with the link to the nest. Did you check your stuff?  \
Me: Yep.  \
Them: Oh, that was one of my other questions I wrote down here, which is when we do that. I didn't, I missed the part where you said there's a team report. I saw you said there was teams. So when the team captain gets, he can see all the financial and all the volunteer times. Right.  \
Me: We're going to have a general team report for the members where they can kind of just see, because we might do, you know, we're still trying to lock in team incentives. We might do the top person or three YJs from each team that get the most new donors get, you know, a dinner at chili's. I don't know. Right. So I know Conor's big chilies fan. I'm more Applebee's guy.  \
Them: It's cheddar's now. Come on. It's cheddars.  \
Me: But we will, we've all looked at a captain role where we're going to show them like how active are they? How many times have they, you know, and this isn't all defined yet, but how many times have they logged in? How many times have they copied their link? How many social assets have they shared? And that's where I was saying, if you're the bottom in activity and results, we've got a problem.  \
Them: Sure.  \
Me: If you're the bottom in one of the two, then we at least have an idea on strategy. But if you're bottom in both, it's an effort thing.  \
Them: Probation as a banner. On.  \
Me: Mike was going to like something like that.  \
Them: Their. I think he's frozen. So, like a gift with a jail cell in it? Yeah. Like when you're on probation, you have a banner. And the only time it gets removed is when you actually hit good standing. I can't. But to that point, it's huge. Because I think the messaging, as you know, you progress in other people's, like, I thought about, you know, I was going to have a side that said tiny change is a remarkable results, which is on the cover of atomic habits. Right. Then I changed it to, like, what if. Right? Like, what if we do these things? What if we create these habits? We can talk about the motivation behind doing that. This is a tool that makes it easy for them to do it. So I love, I love what you're doing, man. Like, I mean, you know, great job on that side. Of it.  \
Me: Thank you. And I mean, we all know that plug and play is key. How many times do you guys get questions where you're like, it's in the portal. It's in there. And the tough part is most people just don't browse these days anymore. They search or they do control F and they want to find it quick. So we'll make sure that that's a piece to it. But this will, you know, me and the commissioners, we're going to preach to the sales captains that when you send updates to your team over that email or over that text message that you're directing everybody to YJ nest. And I checked, I don't think YJ nest.com is open, but like yjnest.org is or something like that. So if we want to get a URL that's on the table just so it's easy to remember. But this is going to be communicated for me through the commissioners to the captains to the teams. YJ nest the place to be.  \
Them: Well, I think. I think that we would have to refer to our consultant on the yjnest.org, which is awesome because he's on the call. Well, I was, I was just thinking about that. Or could we say yay's nest?  \
Me: I think that might be available.  \
Them: Right? I mean, you can domain search it, but, yeah, I mean, I, I can help out on that side for sure. Like we were talking about, I was like, well, yeah, keep it all in the nest, right? It's the home. We already have the hive. YJ's nest. I like it.  \
Me: YJ's nest.com is available for $23.  \
Them: All right. Put me down. Yeah. I'm gonna go out. You better do it now, because when you come back, it'll be 123. Yeah. Kirk, I'll, I'll call you back with the number. Yeah. I've watched that game. Some little ding dongs increasing the rain every time I come back.  \
Me: What are you saying? Dan?  \
Them: So showing the ticketing side, I'm gonna, I'm gonna respond to this group and attach the manual tweaks as an example from last year, that word doc. The raw data that I pulled for that one team and the, the team template, we dump the raw data into to create the pivot table. So I think those three files at least show you that stuff.  \
Me: Okay. Perfect.  \
Them: And again, from there. I would set all that to Mr. Conor and Chris. Who would add their points from there. So I don't know, Conor, if, if you want to show anything on your end, like, how do you take it from there? Or is it simple as, like, you pull some raw data from salesforce and jot form, whatever. And then put it the data? Yeah, I'll definitely show it so that because I, Kirk, when we chatted, it sounded like this can hopefully something like this can get automated.  \
Me: Yeah. We have all ticket and account information with Dan and Billy in unify through SeaGeek. And it sounds like almost volunteer management, so to speak, is on with you and Chris on Salesforce. And that Salesforce excel in Jot form were the three, I think.  \
Them: So. Yes.  \
Me: Okay.  \
Them: What about, what about life members? Like they're reporting? Because that'll be important for a holistic life and board. I mean, I don't know if you'd want to transfer board information. Maybe board is a separate login that only admin can see or fundraising share.  \
Me: Well, that's a great point.  \
Them: Those are all tagged. Sorry, we, we have them all tagged by board life member, life director, future active committee. So, yeah, we have all of that. Think about this. From, from this perspective. Right. Like, let's say we dial in a life program, right, which it's not, it's easier said than done. But we want to attach these ten lips to that. Obviously, they maybe they have y j incentives, but maybe it's, it's opportunities to continue to volunteer in game ops or different things like that. We need to see that information. Like there has to be some kind of carrot. Like, I get it. You can't, you can't just hold a really cool position on game ops because you fundraise 15 years ago.  \
Me: Yeah.  \
Them: You know, so we need, we need, we're all in this for the same reason.  \
Me: Now. Is in the report, whatever it ends up being from Dan, we want to have all donations in there that are going to count towards that five million. So if life and directors and boards, even though they might not be surfaced in that person's account because someone from life doesn't want a nest account, we still want that to show on the gold bar. And then if we have an instance, because we only had 19 life members as far as I know.  \
Them: So.  \
Me: Raise money last year. At a 350, as what chip was saying. So. If they say, because Dan, you said you have to manually create a link if they want to fundraise. Right?  \
Them: Yeah. So, you know, it takes a lot of time for, for Billy and Sean to create all those custom links, right? You all have a rainbow link, you have a fiesta bow link. And, you know, anyone from last year, it's easy to replicate, to carry over. But we don't create because how many life members are there, right? I mean, there's, there's a lot. So to do all that when only 2% are actually going to use it or care about it, we've done it more on a reactive basis than proactive.  \
Me: Yeah.  \
Them: Can you have an opt-in? Because I got, like, members calling me now asking, like, hey, can you sell something to these guys? I'm like, you know, you can sell that.  \
Me: And that's why I think we have, it's a life member says I opt in sop is that, you know, Dan and his team do whatever they need to do to generate the tickets. And then that cues me to get them added as a life member.  \
Them: Right?  \
Me: Or maybe it's, they only see their data, no team or anything like that. And the goal. So that way we can again nudge and encourage them through habit change to start sharing things or copying their link easily, all that kind of stuff. So I think we can develop some sort of framework there.  \
Them: And what would you need from a reporting standpoint? So say Billy sets up the automated reports. Right? One report that has everybody or three reports, one's active yjs. Life yjs board.  \
Me: But because we're going to have the unique ID for the yj. We're going to be able to just extract that from a mass report with everybody.  \
Them: Okay, so it could all be on there. As long as it's, as long as it's not, and that's how the tags we have set up, it says board. Like, you see the report I sent you this morning, Kirk has board next to board members, life members, things like immersion.  \
Me: I saw Dave's name on there a couple times. Yeah. So I'm leaning towards and it's probably the easiest is that we just have one report with all things that count towards our $5 million goal. And then the platform and the code will filter out just those where we need to surface like the active yjs or maybe Bernstein because he wants to log in to share stuff.  \
Them: Yeah. Scott's all over his number still. He's, he's. He's all over that. Let's put it that way. So. Well, and, like, you can create, you can create, like, policies in there, right, like to where maybe it's, like, fundraising, chair, like, chair. Get to see the, the additional numbers. That's it. From the y side. And then, you know, obviously staff and if board wants access, or if you even want to hide, because, like, what you're going to find out this year is like, we try to push the, the.  \
Me: Yes.  \
Them: YJ fundraising first and then add back in at the end board and life. But you, you do want to track it, right? Because then if you can, whoever, you know, is in the seat after you can continue to see, dude, hey, life guy, what can we do to push these guys along? What are the different things? Like, we just did so much more visibility. So. Yeah. And especially, I mean, our end, too, you know. Example board members, right? They don't really have a fundraising. Minimum fundraiser. But, you know, we want to know. And Eric wants to know, you know, what board members have purchased something or sold something or whatever. So we, we do provide that on occasion just to pull board numbers. And it's already been do, you know, if we're already automating it, that makes it easier for us. So. Pretty cool.  \
Me: All right. And as Conor, I see your report here.  \
Them: Yeah. So, so this will be like, this is just an example of, like, for the y meetings. So this is everybody that scanned the QR code at the end of the meeting. Boom. They get put in here. I would download. Download as Excel. And then I'll take. This. Which is just a template that I have set up so I can, and then I'll paste everybody's name. Right here. And then I have to go onto Salesforce. And it's like, this is for this year. Here's the campaign. Here's where all the different opportunities. So this is where everybody that volunteered for yj meeting part three, like any event or anything. This is where all the different opportunities will go. So I have to take this. If I take that. Copy. Go back to here and I'll put that in the job.  \
Me: Okay.  \
Them: So that's how it knows when I upload it. All the points will go to that specific role.  \
Me: Job. Okay.  \
Them: And so you'll have everybody's name here. You'll have the job here. And then I created. A special one. Just for today. For the time being.  \
Me: There may be some authorization things, but I think we could have it so jot form just goes directly to the appropriate.  \
Them: I tried setting that up one time. I'm sure. I'm sure there's a way. I'm not, I'm sure my, my hit my limit, but I was trying to set it up because you can do different integrations, and that's how I have it set up for when someone, when a volunteer creates a, like, profile on us or with us, it goes from job form and it directly uploads a new profile or new contact into Salesforce. I'm sure there's a way to do it with, like with the opportunity or like a volunteer something or other. I just haven't figured out how to do that.  \
Me: Yeah.  \
Them: But. So I take this. So originally it had the name and then I associate that with their contact or their contact ID. And so I just have to go through and find all those. And so Kirk, this is actually yours.  \
Me: Okay.  \
Them: So I would have this saved and I need to make sure that it's in the proper format. But so we'll take this just as an example. This is a wide, you know, April YJ meeting.  \
Me: Yep. And upload that to Salesforce.  \
Them: Yep. And so we'll go.  \
Me: Okay. And Sarah, just a clarifying question. We have a unify unique ID for a yj and we have a sales force unique ID for a yj.  \
Them: Yes.  \
Me: Okay.  \
Them: Yep. So then I'll go to setup. Data import wizard. And on the wishlist as we are investing a lot in Salesforce admin is this time next year. Hopefully all those unify IDs will be in salesforce. So one source of Truth as opposed to just multiple stuff we're going to do now.  \
Me: Yeah, as long as we have that master file, which I'm envisioning as both IDs, names, contact info. And then ticket links, the two ticket links. If we have that, I think the engine will run pretty smoothly.  \
Them: And then so I'll go custom objects. Volunteer hours. Add new record CVS.  \
Me: Choose the file and then it has the right.  \
Them: And then we. Say data and location. Hold on.  \
Me: There we go.  \
Them: Well, he's doing that. Kirk, from, from your. Sorry, I forget the name of the application, the nest. Right. Are we able to pull that data at any time and do an Excel or something just so we can save it for records? Right. We can go back in previous years and, you know, this thing really evolves and is, is really the. The foundation for years going forward, you know, to go back and look at past year's data and have that. We can pull that from there.  \
Me: That's a great. That's a great point. We can build in the ability to export.  \
Them: Okay.  \
Me: Yeah. And we can define, you know, what's in that file. Let's just do everything or a certain format. So, that's definitely, I don't know if we'd have that in the start, but I think that's a fantastic looking forward. Functionality that we should have in there.  \
Them: Kudos to Mr. Gleason, you know, me going back and when we put the numbers together for you guys last few years, you know, his reports by year and everything are all in there in our shared drives just to continue that so we can look back at over time.  \
Me: Yeah, we don't want this to be flash in the pan, right? We. Want, you know, maybe we do 5-2 next year, so on and so forth. So.  \
Them: Yeah.  \
Me: I think that's key to like building the foundation so that, you know, hopefully in a decade, you know, what if we're eight figures? Right? And a lot of it's coming from outside tickets and they're more local events. Who knows? But I think that'll be key to having the data so we can easily analyze it. From one source.  \
Them: Thank you. I mean, correct me if I'm wrong, Billy. I mean, when we were, you know, four or five years ago, we were not the Sea geek and we had a little bit more integration. All of this was pulled from salesforce, right? Ticket data and everything else. Yeah, we still had to double check it and pack yolin and everything, too. There was still a lot. Yeah. We pasted together. All right. And then so I can go back to, like, to yj meeting opportunity. Obviously, I don't do this for every single one, but you can see here's where your points are. I know that it went through, but that's just getting the points into Salesforce. And then as far as the report. So I would take. Dan's report. So I'll just pull up. A test template. So this is would be like a blank. Template. Like the or blank report that Dan would send.  \
Me: Okay.  \
Them: So I would go to the team report. So I again did your team. So the gor locks. Or these same names from. I was talking to Billy earlier about it.  \
Me: I told them, hey, just pick some, some funny or some obscure mascot. Names and they went into the woodworks of schools I'd never even heard of.  \
Them: Yeah, I I saw that, Kirk, when you were laughing at it, I'm like, I looked at it. I was like, it, you know, go have fun. I was like, minor league teams. Then I saw the artichokes. That's got community college.  \
Me: Community college now.  \
Them: Yeah.  \
Me: I probably should have put some more guard rails on that.  \
Them: And then, so then this is how I get it. So you can see it's, I mean, kind of, kind of see, but. So everything on this side, I just added this for literally while you were talking or while Dan was doing his stuff, I just added, like, this would be in kind donations or when we get the report from CE for anything that's donated online or any sponsorship. It goes on this side. So the yellow jacket credit opportunities. And then very important, you delete this column. Crucial. So you have that on this side, and then you have the, the points on that side. So then I would.  \
Me: So Conor, your reports in Salesforce pretty much manage everything except ticket sales, par three. And I mean those, I guess would count as quote unquote tickets.  \
Them: Take it. Off the sales. Yep.  \
Me: You're, what, what is managed in here? Is it mainly in kind and sponsorship?  \
Them: Yep. In kind sponsorship and then he just, and he just cash donations, like, future dues or if, like the, like when we did the, the wishes for teacher, like when we did that campaign, that was through, like, we got the data from CE or got the report, and then I would go through and put in any, any YJs. Like, I would tag it in there, in their profile on Salesforce, and then run the report, and then it comes out here.  \
Me: Okay. Okay. And I can see where you're then you take this and combine it with Dan's report.  \
Them: So then. Yep. So theoretically, you know, you could have, like, you know, rape bowl or Fiesta vol sales here. But just for this. Just put this stuff in. This is an old report. So I. Okay, it worked.  \
Me: Okay, there's that formula.  \
Them: So then it automatically puts cash participation.  \
Me: Okay.  \
Them: And then go over here. Into this. Yep. Refresh. And then boom, that's how you get. Your stuff. And then obviously it's segmented when it has the rape bowl and fiestable stuff. And then you file, save that. And then for the all yd report, there's a specific report in salesforce that I just create. I haven't gone through all of them, so I just did the, like you or this meeting reminded me that I need to, like, update everything and do the new season. So that's good. So I just. But I just for this just did gor locks and then. But there would be an all y j1. So when I pull that, it's all the sponsorship for all y j's, and then it's all the participation. And then I added one, like there's life member one this year. So you can anything sponsorship related, so. Which is pretty much just the people like anything that's in here.  \
Me: Okay.  \
Them: Are anybody that's going on the website and donating or, or if they still have a sponsorship from, like. Like, I think Jennifer cannon. She's one that still has a pretty big sponsorship. And Michael Pillman. He's another one. He was the azimo producers.  \
Me: So I think for both your guys reports, if we just have the full file and then we have, or we, I create or work with you guys to create that one master file of unique IDs, what team everybody's on. And we have that one file. I think all three files can coordinate in the background.  \
Them: But.  \
Me: And categorize and store the data correctly. That will then surface and nest.  \
Them: So I have this, too, so it can, like, this is kind of a good one for the yellow jackets. I mean, I can. And I can add whatever field. So when I add people to a team, I can put their team on it so it'll. And then I can populate their full contact ID, which is what I have, like, saved so I can just find everybody's easily. But, I mean, we can have all this stuff in there. So.  \
Me: I mean, yeah, I'd say we have, we wouldn't need background check or first year funding. Um, we would want phone number and email. I don't think we need title right now either. I mean title, I think we just leave.  \
Them: Now that's. Yeah.  \
Me: For now, but then we just want that unique ID and then we can kind of cross reference with Dan's file to get their unique ID. That's in unify so that we have that all on one. Row.  \
Them: Yeah. Because it shows. Like. Like y'all jacket team warlocks and then at the bottom, that's your. S. That's your continent.  \
Me: Full contact ID.  \
Them: So that's pretty much everything on my end. But, yeah, do that for each team. All yj.  \
Me: Okay.  \
Them: And then send them out.  \
Me: So the way I'm envisioning it, and again, I'll draft out more, but we'll have some kind of cadence that downloads both your files. I think we'll be able to do that with Salesforce. We may not be able to get everything in that first shot. So like Conor, your jot form is going directly into Salesforce might be like a phase two or three thing. But at the very least, we get your reports either manually or automatically downloaded to some sort of shared folder or database. We can figure out what that is. And then the program will know to switch on when there's a new file update into there. It will run all the formatting, all the segmenting, all of what you guys are doing manually. Create this new entry that it'll store and then surface just the data in that table. So that it's easy to read inside nest. So I think, yeah, I'm pretty confident we can do all that. Based on what I've seen. The other questions are. Right now I have to map out like the intaking of new files. So like, let's say we have a new event. And we need to upload new resources to nest. I haven't really worked out. Who has access to that right now. It'd just be me manually coding it in. Right. So I think that's something we'll probably want to explore in the second phase after we get this off the ground. The first phase will just mainly be can people fundraise and access the current data that we have stored on the yj portal. And then after that, I think we can start working on like Conor, your efficiency thing with jot form. How can we get you guys to be able to upload perhaps other data into it without me, right, independently? And then, because if we do end up working with marketing to create more resources. To share to social, so it's not sharing the same kickoff event story every month or every week. We're going to need to give somebody else the ability to upload content or data. So I think that'll be kind of phase two, two or three on that.  \
Them: And we're on the marketing side. We're right now in the middle of interviews for director marketing under Marie. So we'll have more Manpower here, hopefully next month or two. And they're going to hire more people under that person. So, you know, right now. Yeah. Stretch a little bit, but it's helped the calming. So. Get us some more updated information throughout the year.  \
Me: All right, Dan, I have the Google doc. I want to make sure before we jump off, I'm not like hitting you guys up for more stuff. We're going to have the video obviously, but Dan, you sent a Google doc I'm opening right now. It's saying I need access. So I just requested access. Was that the export of.  \
Them: That is the yj directory with sales rep. So I think Austin might have created this. So I'll give him a heads up. To accept you to it. And it does have those that are on probation highlighted. I noticed that. So that's for. I mean, those people know that they're on probation, but just for. So you don't, you don't have to take that and send that out.  \
Me: The. Yes. Okay.  \
Them: We could, like, you can just clean that. Like, just take the highlighted off. But, like, if you were to share that with anyone.  \
Me: Yeah.  \
Them: Just fine.  \
Me: Okay. So then I'll just need kind of like an example export from you, Dan, on what that raw file might look like. Same with you, Conor. Like don't make any edits. Just export as is because that's probably how we would end up doing it. And then if I have those and Conor, if you can send me this video once we get off, I think I can manage everything at least from there and getting started.  \
Them: I was just talking to our guys. Don't buy the, like, have Fiesta bowl. By yjs. Nest.com because then we'll have to, we'll have to transfer it.  \
Me: Okay.  \
Them: So, Chris, I don't know who can purchase that domain name on your side. If you can do it, do it. It's 23 bucks. Send them the link. Kirk. And then for us, like, I was talking to Eric. He's like, are we going to be sending emails from this thing? Is that to protect the DMARC record spoofing? Like, there's, there's the DMARC record is we, we do all these things just so someone can't go in and spoof it and send something out as us.  \
Me: Now the plan is that Twilio is going to manage Twilio and maybe another software, manage the autho with text messaging and that we're only going to use text messaging through the platform.  \
Them: Ual. Okay. Awesome. So there may be, we may have some questions from a security standpoint just to make sure that no one can push it out. But, yeah, that's, if we're not email is the big one, he said. My good Consulting work, good Consulting work right there. I'm like, let me get out. I just thought about it. I was like, let me go ask someone real quick. I'm like, wait, if he buys it, he goes, no. Because then we got to move it. He goes, have the bull buy it. I was like, perfect. And might be a dumb question. People change their emails far more often than their phone numbers, but is it just, it's as simple as.  \
Me: That's why.  \
Them: Like, like if they say they do get a new phone number or they. Like, is that as simple, like to update their profile and everything? Is it as simple as like they just, do they let us know and we on the back end, that's how we change their access because I saw you like, that's how you logged in. Or is that like something that they do?  \
Me: I can investigate that. Right now. Just read only almost like they can't edit anything on their profile or anything like that. But they could send a note to you or Chris saying, I have a question I pick from the drop down change contact info. Here's my new email.  \
Them: And yeah. So. Could you, that was another thing, right? Because obviously. We're now entering into software. Right. And so when questions come up, people are going to have like, how do they place a ticket? And so can they have a support request in there and that ticket goes to Conor and Chris. And then we can say, we'll get back to you in two weeks. Right. But like, since you guys are managed on service level agreements, but I think the point is, is like there has to be something in there that at least. Can push questions that come to people. And you may have to be like, it's essentially you are the developer of this right now. So my, you know, we know we, that's going to have a change going on as we move forward.  \
Me: Yes.  \
Them: But by the way, guys, like Kirk is doing an awesome job on this, but this isn't going to work. This isn't a hot, this is someone that understands this, this, these things can be built with these tools now very efficiently.  \
Me: Yeah. In the past, this would be a $200,000 custom dev job. But now what's great is that we can take us as the, you know, somewhat, I mean, none of us know how to code outside of maybe a few Excel formulas. Right. We can take that now. And, you know, with the appropriate prompts and tools, do what a $200,000 development project would do probably in 1/50th of the time.  \
Them: It's crazy.  \
Me: Yeah.  \
Them: Yeah, man. Can't thank you enough for taking lead on this.  \
Me: Yeah. Now I kind of geek out on this stuff and I'm building some side businesses with these things anyway. So this is an opportunity for me to take what I've been learning and doing and apply it to something a little bit more robust that'll have an immediate impact on a lot of us.  \
Them: Yeah. And use this as your demo, man. For your new business.  \
Me: Yeah. Chris, I send in the GoDaddy thing. If you need it. It's in the chat. It's just yj's nest.com. you go to go daddy or whatever domain site you use. It's right there. And then I'll just look out for those that file from you, Dan, that file from you as well. Conor. I'll need one too. Conor with just the yj. I think we're on e2 from y'all need like the report that you export and I'll need just the yj directory with unique ID and team name.  \
Them: And then when do you, when do you need the yjs? Because then he'll need to pop a ticket into us and we'll need to connect with you at some point, Kirk.  \
Me: Whatever safety for the meeting and it's up to you guys is we're going to announce, I'm going to send you some of the stuff Dan sent over around like call outs and like progress to goal. There is a chance at the end my last slide where we could tease like a screenshot or something there. That says coming soon your new YJ portal yj's nest or something like that just to get people aware so it's not a surprise. It's up to you though.  \
Them: I would love it if we could.  \
Me: I mean this is that thing I think it.  \
Them: Chris. Eric. Eric okay with it? Would Eric be okay with it? He, he doesn't like we're doing it. Right. I guess Bryce would almost need to, there's a donation. Yeah. So we'll check real quick on this on our end. But I'm not sweating this one at all.  \
Me: Maybe once we get this off the ground development you know some user acceptance testing on my end. That's where we're going to have to get some of the commissioners and maybe captains involved. Hey let's let's try to break it before we launch it to everybody. And then once we launch it to everybody we're going to have tickets and we're going to put in mechanisms so we can continually improve it. But maybe we get together once a month or something and just go hey this would be the next phase that would really help us solve this business case or this use case so that we're solving a lot of efficiency or other problems or helping us fundraise more dollars.  \
Them: All right. Can I serve him correct? Just from us and you just gave you permission for that Google doc. So you should be able to see that and download that file. Cool.  \
Me: I'm going to take that file and the one Conor sends me with the. Roster. Dan do you have a roster one that shows all IDs? For anybody.  \
Them: I do.  \
Me: Within the system. Billy you do?  \
Them: I do.  \
Me: Okay. Can you send me that as well? I got to kind of mold everything into one document.  \
Them: Yeah. We'll put it together. Yep. And then mine won't have, as of right now, because I need, like, all the Futures to fill out the, like, we sent it to him last week to fill out the volunteer profile form. So it won't have them yet. Is that, is that a big deal or. Okay.  \
Me: Now we probably I'm thinking because we at the holiday weekend it's we're probably looking at the first week of June. By the time I have something that's my target at least you know Mike knows how development goes. It's like a can of worms sometimes but I'm going to target you that first week of June that we can get everybody kind of playing with it a little bit then we probably need a week for fixes and then we can launch hopefully before the end of the month.  \
Them: How much cooler would it be to just push the y's nest out? Instead of its own portal? It's in the portal. It's in the portal. Like, I'm thankful that you put those slides in there, Conor, because I don't want to talk about it.  \
Me: Urgency things right hey announcement to YJ's we have two par threes left.  \
Them: Like.  \
Me: Right like if we do it right we can get those push notifications on hopefully or at the very least some some text message updates.  \
Them: Yeah, be awesome.  \
Me: All right. Sounds good fellas.  \
Them: I appreciate you guys. Let us know the things you need on top of the stuff. So, Dan, I have a question for you. Side note, Kirk, awesome job, dude. Awesome job.  \
Me: Thanks fellas see ya.  \
Them: Hey. }